Telegraf. Telegraf is the open source server agent to help you collect metrics from your stacks, sensors and systems. Collect and send all kinds of data. Collect metrics from your modern stack of cloud platforms, containers, and orchestrators. IoT sensors: Collect critical stateful data (pressure levels, temp levels, etc.) from IoT sensors and devices.
Logstash. Centralize, transform and stash your data. Logstash is a free and open server-side data processing pipeline that ingests data from a multitude of sources, transforms it, and then sends it to your favorite stash. Logstash dynamically ingests, transforms, and ships your data regardless of format or complexity. Derive structure from unstructured data with grok, decipher geo coordinates from IP addresses, anonymize or exclude sensitive fields, and ease overall processing.
Solr. Solr is the popular, blazing-fast, open source enterprise search platform. Solr is highly reliable, scalable and fault tolerant, providing distributed indexing, replication and load-balanced querying, automated failover and recovery, centralized configuration and more.
Oracle WebLogic Server. Oracle WebLogic Server is a unified and extensible platform for developing, deploying and running enterprise applications, such as Java, for on-premises and in the cloud. WebLogic Server offers a robust, mature, and scalable implementation of Java Enterprise Edition (EE) and Jakarta EE.
PostgreSQL. The World's Most Advanced Open Source Relational Database. PostgreSQL is a powerful, open source object-relational database system with over 30 years of active development that has earned it a strong reputation for reliability, feature robustness, and performance.
Traefik. Traefik is an open-source Edge Router that makes publishing your services a fun and easy experience. It receives requests on behalf of your system and finds out which components are responsible for handling them. What sets Traefik apart, besides its many features, is that it automatically discovers the right configuration for your services.
Node.js. As an asynchronous event-driven JavaScript runtime, Node.js is designed to build scalable network applications. Almost no function in Node.js directly performs I/O, so the process never blocks. Because nothing blocks, scalable systems are very reasonable to develop in Node.js.
httpd. The Apache HTTP Server is a powerful and flexible HTTP/1.1 compliant web server. it has grown to be the most popular web server on the Internet. You can therefore find comparisions of various HTTP servers that prove that each is faster than all the others.
nginx. nginx is a web server that can also be used as a reverse proxy, load balancer, mail proxy and HTTP cache. Nginx can be deployed to serve dynamic HTTP content on the network using FastCGI, SCGI handlers for scripts, WSGI application servers or Phusion Passenger modules, and it can serve as a software load balancer. Nginx's modular event-driven architecture can provide more predictable performance under high loads.
docker registry. The Registry is a stateless, highly scalable server side application that stores and lets you distribute Docker images. control where your images are being stored, fully own your images distribution pipeline, integrate image storage and distribution tightly into your in-house development workflow.
Wordpress. WordPress is open source software you can use to create a beautiful website, blog, or app. Beautiful designs, powerful features, and the freedom to build anything you want.
Elasticsearch. Elasticsearch is a distributed, free and open search and analytics engine for all types of data, including textual, numerical, geospatial, structured, and unstructured. Known for its simple REST APIs, distributed nature, speed, and scalability. Commonly referred to as the ELK Stack (after Elasticsearch, Logstash, and Kibana), the Elastic Stack now includes a rich collection of lightweight shipping agents known as Beats for sending data to Elasticsearch.
Ubuntu. Ubuntu is a Linux distribution based on Debian and composed mostly of free and open-source software. Ubuntu is a popular operating system for cloud computing, with support for OpenStack. Ubuntu aims to be secure by default. User programs run with low privileges and cannot corrupt the operating system or other users' files.
BusyBox. The Swiss Army Knife of Embedded Linux. BusyBox combines tiny versions of many common UNIX utilities into a single small executable. BusyBox provides a fairly complete environment for any small or embedded system. BusyBox has been written with size-optimization and limited resources in mind. This makes it easy to customize your embedded systems.
Alpine Linux. Alpine Linux is an independent, non-commercial, general purpose Linux distribution designed for power users who appreciate security, simplicity and resource efficiency. Alpine Linux is built around musl libc and busybox. This makes it smaller and more resource efficient than traditional GNU/Linux distributions. A container requires no more than 8 MB and a minimal installation to disk requires around 130 MB of storage. Not only do you get a fully-fledged Linux environment but a large selection of packages from the repository. Binary packages are thinned out and split, giving you even more control over what you install, which in turn keeps your environment as small and efficient as possible. Alpine Linux is a very simple distribution that will try to stay out of your way. It uses its own package manager called apk, the OpenRC init system, script driven set-ups and that’s it! This provides you with a simple, crystal-clear Linux environment without all the noise. You can then add on top of that just the packages you need for your project, so whether it’s building a home PVR, or an iSCSI storage controller, a wafer-thin mail server container, or a rock-solid embedded switch, nothing else will get in the way. Alpine Linux was designed with security in mind. All userland binaries are compiled as Position Independent Executables (PIE) with stack smashing protection. These proactive security features prevent exploitation of entire classes of zero-day and other vulnerabilities.
Redis. Redis is an open source, in-memory data structure store, used as a database, cache, and message broker. Redis provides data structures such as strings, hashes, lists, sets, sorted sets with range queries, bitmaps, hyperloglogs, geospatial indexes, and streams.
MySQL. is an open-source relational database management system (RDBMS). A relational database organizes data into one or more data tables in which data types may be related to each other; these relations help structure the data.
MongoDB. MongoDB is a general purpose, document-based, distributed database built for modern application developers and for the cloud era. MongoDB is a document database, which means it stores data in JSON-like documents.
Consul. Consul is a distributed, highly-available, and multi-datacenter aware tool for service discovery, configuration, and orchestration. Consul enables rapid deployment, configuration, and maintenance of service-oriented architectures at massive scale. Consul is built to be datacenter aware, and can support any number of regions without complex configuration.
Maven. Maven is a build automation tool used primarily for Java projects. An XML file describes the software project being built, its dependencies on other external modules and components, the build order, directories, and required plug-ins. It comes with pre-defined targets for performing certain well-defined tasks such as compilation of code and its packaging.
SonarQube.  open-source platform developed by SonarSource for continuous inspection of code quality to perform automatic reviews with static analysis of code to detect bugs, code smells, and security vulnerabilities on 20+ programming languages. SonarQube offers reports on duplicated code, coding standards, unit tests, code coverage, code complexity, comments, bugs, and security vulnerabilities.
Docker. Package Software into Standardized Units for Development, Shipment and Deployment. A container is a standard unit of software that packages up code and all its dependencies so the application runs quickly and reliably from one computing environment to another. A Docker container image is a lightweight, standalone, executable package of software that includes everything needed to run an application: code, runtime, system tools, system libraries and settings.
RabbitMQ. RabbitMQ is lightweight and easy to deploy on premises and in the cloud. It supports multiple messaging protocols. RabbitMQ can be deployed in distributed and federated configurations to meet high-scale, high-availability requirements.
NATS. NATS.io is a simple, secure and high performance open source messaging system for cloud native applications, IoT messaging, and microservices architectures.
Lightstreamer. Lightstreamer is a web-based asynchronous messaging project, implementing the WebSocket protocol, the Comet model, the push technology paradigm, and the real-time web practices. high-performance engine that manages all the connections with the clients through the Internet.
Kapacitor. Kapacitor is an open source data processing framework that makes it easy to create alerts, run ETL jobs and detect anomalies. Process both streaming data and batch data.
Metricbeat. Lightweight shipper for metrics. Collect metrics from your systems and services. From CPU to memory, Redis to NGINX, and much more, Metricbeat is a lightweight way to send system and service statistics.
Auditbeat. Lightweight shipper for audit data. ollect your Linux audit framework data and monitor the integrity of your files. Auditbeat ships these events in real time to the rest of the Elastic Stack for further analysis.